OK so now that we've done the home page the about page now we just have the contact.
So I'm going to copy everything on the about page.
It makes sense to call it to copy the about page because it has the nav bar without the showcase and
stuff like that.
So let's jump over to contact each Tim Allen paste that in and let's just change the title to contact
and let's take the class of current off of a boat and let's put that on to contact and then we can get
rid of everything down to the footer
and we'll save and then we'll go to contact and we should see this.
Now one thing that we need to grab is the font awesome link to this font awesome CSX because we are
actually using icons here.
So from the index page in the head I'm going to grab the link for font.
Awesome.
So this right here I'm going to copy that and bring that over to contact.
Put it right above our link to our style sheet and that should be good.
So now let's go down below the header and we'll start to create our form
so let's put in our section and we'll give it an idea of contact dash form and I'm gonna give it our
padding class our p y dash 3 class and let's add a container push everything to the middle let's put
in each one.
Let's see user Clark L heading class.
Do you see how will you keep reusing these classes.
That's that's the idea of a class an I.D. is more for identifying a section like we're doing here.
So hopefully that that starts to really make sense.
So this this H one is going to say contact us but I want the word contact to be that that primary colors
so we're gonna put in a s.
We want to put in a span with a class of text dash primary and we just want to put this span on the
other side of contact and then below the each one we're gonna put a paragraph and just say please fill
out the form below to contact us.
Okay.
We'll save that should look like that and then we're gonna create our form.
So the form will will go somewhere.
I mean we'll just put like process dot peach P for now for the action but it's not we're not actually
handling the submission right now and for the fields we're gonna have a name email and message and I'm
gonna wrap the label and input inside of a div with the class of form dash group.
So inside the form group will have the label the four attribute will say name name.
And then under that we'll have an input.
So let's give it a type of text and the name will be.
Name I.D. will also be name and then we'll have another form group actually we can probably just use
copy this div paste that in and this will be the email.
So for email we'll change the type to email
that's in the I.D. and then we'll have one more which is going to be the message.
So paste that in and change this to message the message.
Take this another little little trick here.
Keyboard shortcut if you want to highlight something without the mouse you can hold shift.
I'll hit the back arrow and you see how it's highlight if I go the other way in a line highlight it
so I can highlight name and then do a controlled D to choose the next version of name and I'm going
to change it to message
except we want this to be a text area not an input so I'll just take this and change it to text area
and text areas have a closing tag so we just need to add that in there right.
So that looks good.
And then we just want our submit button.
So we're gonna go below this last div here with is still within the form we'll do button.
And remember our class of B T N We want to use that on this button.
And we just want to give it a type as well of submit type equals submit and say submit for the text.
OK.
Go ahead and save take a look.
Looks absolutely horrible so we have to add our styling.
So let's go to our style dot CSX.
I'm actually going to make this smaller so we can see it and we'll go below our testimonials and say
contact form.
So an idea of contact form.
That's our section.
And then let's style the form group OK which wraps the label and the input and I just want to do a margin
bottom just to push each field down.
So we'll do 20 pixels.
All right then we'll do the label so contact dash form label and we want that to be display block so
that it pushes on to the next line.
And then let's do a margin bottom of five pixels.
OK we'll save that.
Good.
Now let's do the input and the text area.
So contact form input.
We also want to do contact form text area.
And let's put this on a separate line just to make it a little neater and we want a width of 100 percent.
We want it to go all the way across.
Save that.
Let's add some padding to make them thicker so we'll do 10 pixels on all sides.
Let's do a border.
Notice the message has a thicker or darker border.
We want them all to match.
So we'll do one pixel.
Let's do DDD and solid and save.
Now the text area I actually want to be a little bigger.
I want increased the height.
So I'm going to take just the text area selector here and just set a height of 200 pixels like that.
And notice that our button looks just like the other links that have the B10 class.
All right.
Now I want to show you guys that you see when I when I click on one of these it has the blue outline
we can actually change that color if we want.
This is something I haven't gone over yet.
So these are these are the focus states of these inputs.
So I'm going to actually copy this that the input and the text area selectors and I'm just going to
add on this pseudo selector of focus.
OK.
So we want to say in the focus state we want to set the outline to none.
And we want to set the border
color to that.
F Right here F seven c z 0 8 a and save.
And now when I hope when I click on one of these you'll see that the outline is that same color.
So we can target that focus state in style and how we want.
So the next part we have is the.
The.
This part right here with the icons and this is going to resemble the boxes on the home page you're
actually going to use the box class.
So let's head over to contact h t AML and let's create our section so we'll call this we'll give it
an idea of contact dash info
and I want this to have a dark background so we're actually going to also add the class it's two class
equals B G dash dark and inside the section we'll put our container and let's add our boxes.
Now I'm actually going to copy from the index each team l let's grab those those boxes.
So it's C under features we have the div class box so we have three of these let's grab all three all
these divs and we'll bring them to the contact paste right in there and we're gonna change great location
to just location.
We're gonna keep the same same icon the hotel icon but I want to change this paragraph to be the actual
location so we'll say 50 Main Street Boston Mass.
And the next one here I'm gonna change the the icon to a phone icon which is gonna be F.A. phone and
you can look up all these classes at Fort Awesome dot com we're gonna change this to phone our phone
number and inside the paragraph let's put a fake phone number say 6 1 7 5 5 5 just do all fives and
then this last one I want to be the e-mail.
So there's actually an icon called F.A. dash envelope and we'll change this h three to email address
and then let's just add in a fake email address here we'll do like a front desk at lots to hotel B T
dot co.
All right so we'll save that.
Now these boxes actually have the the BJP lite BJP primary we want to get rid of those because we want
it to be just dark behind all of them.
So I'm going to get rid of that BJP primary get rid of that class and make sure you keep the box class
and save.
And there we go.
Let's make this a little bigger make sure it looks OK.
And that's our contact page.
So that's it guys.
Our project is complete.
We have our little hotel Web site and hopefully you learned quite a bit from this project especially
if you're brand new to each team Allan CSF.
Hopefully you can see now how things come together because I know what the sandbox sections.
We just kind of looked at at individual parts of each team and to assess.
And now we're actually putting it all together to build something.
So what I'd like to start to do now that you know the basics you know each team on the basics of CSX.
I'd like to get into more modern parts of CSX like media queries for Responsive design the grid system
flex blocks later on we'll get into like transitions and animation and then of course deploying a Web
site.
So we have quite a quite a bit to do.
All right.
So that's it though at least now you know h team Al you know the basics of CSX and we're ready to dive
in more.